One of the best things we can do is decolonize. Our thinking around who is allowed to write what diverse books.
Don't limit yourself or your diverse books to subjects you think diverse people should be experts in.
Promote for the subject of the book, the way you want to promote for author identity.
We reach for author identity, because it's easier for us, but promote for the subject of the book, the same way you promote for author identity.
And this doesn't mean that you stop buying books about racism or sociology, civil rights in our BIPOC history.
It absolutely does not mean that.
This isn't an 'either or' proposition.
It's a both 'and' proposition.
We have absolutely still need books like caste, and how to raise an anti-racist.
We absolutely still need.
But we also need to realize that people of color, diverse people can also be experts in physics.
Absolutely.
In personal finance,
Yes.
In sewing and textiles,
Adventure.
In yoga.
We can be experts in all the things.
What's next is to read, reading widely is super beneficial.
Not just to you personally,
but also, in how you help people who come to you asking for new things to read.
Reading widely is very beneficial.
And if you don't have time for that,
because although people think we sit around and read all day,
we know that's not true.
Read more things about books.
Get involved in the book atmosphere.
Because there you're going to learn about what's new.
You're going to see what's trending.
You're going to see who's making what deals.
You're going to know what's coming to a TV near you.
What's coming to a movie theater near you.
And how you can promote for those things in your library.
Because you are the valuable commodity in this puzzle.
Books may be the picture but your skills and knowledge are the free.
Without you, none of this works on any level.
No level.
Diverse Books have existed for years.
You are the bridge that gets them into patronage.
So the NoveList lesson - Collection diversity benefits everyone in the community,
no matter what their racial or cultural background happens to be.
And you are now ready to proceed to Lesson Two.